fix(parser): throw syntax error for import without arguments (#5099)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/gold-buses-tap.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> 
> Fix [#4982](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4982), js parser should throw a syntax error for `TsImportType` when syntax `import` without arguments after.
> 
> The follwing code will throw a syntax error:
> 
> ```ts

Reviewer: ``````suggestion

Fix [#4982](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4982), the JavaScript parser now throws a syntax error for the following code:

```ts
``````
